{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red40\green46\blue50;\red47\green81\blue130;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c1569\c19608\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c20784\c23529\c25490;\cssrgb\c23922\c39608\c58039;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28080\viewh12960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
WARNING: 
\b0 \

\b Don't install any kext if you don't know what it does!
\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\b Don't install any of these extensions on Apple hardware
\b0  unless you know how to restore your System if something goes wrong.\uc0\u8232 
\b Don't claim if you have done that!! \

\b0 \
Both the apps should works on Apple Hardware as is, without the need to install kexts included in this image. \
There's any risk installing these kernel extensions? \
The only risk is a boot failure. Since the project is constantly updated, new bugs can comes out, so before installing them permanently is adviced to boot \
with bootloadres (like Clover) installed in a USB stick, able to inject kexts from outside the System's folders and then \cf2 test them \cf2 in safety.. \
so that your will know if all works as expected without risks. \
Anyway We are not responsible for any kind of damage, implicit or not and by installing/using the softwares included in this image you are perfectly aware of that. \
\

\b Info 
\b0 \
\cf3 \cb4 FakeSMC.kext: \cf2 \cb1 \
Slice's version of the mandatory driver made by Netkas. \
\

\b CPU monitoring 
\b0 \
\cf3 \cb4 IntelCPUMonitor.kext: \cf2 \cb1 \
\cb4 Enable the reading of the CPU sensors. Use that only with Intel CPUs. \cf3 AmdCPUMonitor.kext: \cf2 \cb1 \
\cb4 Enable the reading of the CPU sensors. Use that only with AMD CPUs. \
\ul Don't install both extensions! \cb1 \ulnone \
\cb4 \

\b \cf2 \cb1 GPU monitoring 
\b0 \cf2 \cb4 \
\cf3 GeforceSensor.kext: \cf2 \cb1 \
\cb4 Enable the reading of the GPU sensors for NVidia 4xx, 5xx, ...10xx Series. Don't use with NVClockX.kext! Only one of it! \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 NVClockX.kext: \cf2 \cb1 \
\cb4 Enable the reading of the GPU sensors for NVidia 7xxx-9xxx Series. Don't use with GeforceSensor.kext! Only one of it! \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 RadeonMonitor.kext: \cf2 \cb1 \
\cb4 Enable the reading of the GPU sensors for ATI/AMD Radeon HD4xxx - 8xxx, R5-R9 2xx 3xx 4xx 5xx cards. \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 X3100.kext: \cf2 \cb1 \
\cb4 Enable the reading of the GPU sensors for Intel X3100 at 965M chipset. \cb1 \
\cb4 \
\cb1 \ul Install only extensions that match with your GPU! \ulnone \
\

\b Motherboard monitoring
\b0 \
\cf3 F718x.kext: \cf2 \
For Fintek LPC chips. \
\cf3 ITEIT87x.kext: \cf2 \
For ITE LPC chip, usually for Gigabyte motherboards. \
\cf3 PC8739x.kext: \cf2 \
For SMC LPC chip. \
\cf3 W836x.kext: \cf2 \
For Winbond or Nuvoton NCT LPC chip, usual for ASUS motherboards. \
\
\ul Don't install more than one kext, use only the extension that respect what's on in your motherboard! \ulnone \
\
\cf3 ACPIMonitor.kext: \cf2 \
Installing this kext isn't enough to read FANs or Ambient sensors:\uc0\u8232 must be used with custom DSDT edits. Look at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.insanelymac.com/forum/topic/309328-howto-acpi-access-for-monitoring/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 https://www.insanelymac.com/forum/topic/309328-howto-acpi-access-for-monitoring/}}. \
\

\b Battery  monitoring (laptops)
\b0 \
\cf3 VoodooBatterySMC.kext: \cf2 \
Enable the reading of laptop's battery status in the top-bar. HWMonitorSMC.app v1 or v2 can read also its voltage/amperage. 
\f1 \

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf5 \

\fs28 \cf5 \cb4 Source code:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sourceforge.net/p/hwsensors/hwsensors3/code3/HEAD/tree/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 https://sourceforge.net/p/hwsensors/hwsensors3/code3/HEAD/tree/}}\
Bugs report: \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sourceforge.net/p/hwsensors/hwsensors3/tickets/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 https://sourceforge.net/p/hwsensors/hwsensors3/tickets/}}\
Topic for discussion:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.insanelymac.com/forum/topic/299861-hwsensors3/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 https://www.insanelymac.com/forum/topic/299861-hwsensors3/}}
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \
}